{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green38\blue225;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10560\viewh13200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Java or Visual Basic Interface Building Assignment
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b\fs28 Summary:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Choice 1: Create a choose-your-own adventure game based on a fairy tale, nursery rhyme or story of your own choosing. The game must be interactive, and can have multiple different endings. \
\
Choice 2: The Montessori Grammar game (the same as what you did in Flash, but you need to make it work fully - ie. correct scoring, etc.). See the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://moodle.uncc.edu/mod/assignment/view.php?id=25588"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Flash Prototype}} assignment for more details.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Requirements:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Your game must have some basic graphics (use photos, clip-art, etc., or create your own, but be careful not to spend too much time creating your own images - you don't get credit for that)\
If you are working alone, your game should have at least 5 different screens, if working as a pair, it should have at least 10 different screens. There must be evidence of at least three different screen templates (ie. you can't have 5 or 10 screens that all look the same with just minor differences). This is your chance to show me all the design skills you have learned throughout the semester.\
Your game must have at least one working version of the following interface components:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}scrollbar\
{\listtext	\'95	}drop-down combo box\
{\listtext	\'95	}set of radio buttons\
{\listtext	\'95	}collection of check boxes\
{\listtext	\'95	}button\
{\listtext	\'95	}menu set\
{\listtext	\'95	}text entry field\
{\listtext	\'95	}larger text entry box\
{\listtext	\'95	}invisible link (click on something that doesn't look like a button and it does something)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Note that by 'working version' I mean that the information that the user chooses/enters must be used in the game.\
\
You may also choose to incorporate Phidgets, and there are 20% bonus marks available for doing this.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Writeup\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Your writeup should describe your design process. It should describe your goals in creating the interface, what language you used, and how you built the interface (ie. what templates did you create, what variables, any issues you had, etc.). You should provide a listing of all the pages in your interface (so that I make sure I see them all). You also need to include a page describing how you would go about testing the interface with real users, if you had the chance to do so. Finally, critique your own interface: talk about what you think was successful and what needs improvement.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Presentation\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 You will present your interface in class on Dec. 8th. You will have 3-5 minutes to do so. I expect a professional presentation that demonstrates your whole interface and presents its best features, along with some commentary on your design decisions, what you couldn't get to work, etc.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://moodle.uncc.edu/mod/resource/view.php?id=25622"}}{\fldrslt 
\b\fs28 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Grading Scheme}}
\b\fs28 :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}20% initial design documentation - note that to get this 10% you must submit to me a design plan, including sketches, flow charts, wireframes, etc. 
\b by November 19th
\b0 .\
{\listtext	\'95	}10% visual design\
{\listtext	\'95	}10% component use\
{\listtext	\'95	}10% use of templates\
{\listtext	\'95	}10% flow/navigation\
{\listtext	\'95	}5% creativity\
{\listtext	\'95	}5% completeness\
{\listtext	\'95	}10% testing plan (description of how you would test the interface)\
{\listtext	\'95	}10% presentation in class\
{\listtext	\'95	}10% write-up\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}20% bonus marks available for use of phidgets.
\b0 \
}